bluetooth: fix possible out of bound access and stack write (#9446)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Disabled automatic security re-establishment request as a peripheral (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_GATT_AUTO_SEC_REQ`) to allow the Fast Pair Seeker to control the security re-establishment.
  * Added API to check Account Key presence (:c:func:`bt_fast_pair_has_account_key`).

> * :ref:`hids_readme` service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`hids_readme`:
```
The name of the doc already has the word "service".

>   * Fixed possible out of bound memory access in the :c:func:`hids_protocol_mode_write` and :c:func:`bt_hids_boot_kb_inp_rep_send` functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a possible out-of-bounds memory access issue in the :c:func:`hids_protocol_mode_write` and :c:func:`bt_hids_boot_kb_inp_rep_send` functions.
```
